LARGED ARlıZ
Something terrible happened!
What's with the panic?
What's with the terrible thing?
No, I was talking to her all the time.
Noma Sajuro.
He wanted to hold my mother and make me his wife.
So he killed Matsubo.
What?
His mother and Noma Sajuro?
Damn it!
I can't tell right or left.
Hey!
Hey, you!
That's Noma Sajuro.
I'm so sorry.
Remember this.
He came to my house and took my bag.
He took my bag and ran away.
He was waiting for me.
Hey, you!
You!
You're not going to wait?
Noma Sajuro was so into him that he chased after him.
He was so angry.
Damn it!
I'm so sorry!
I'm so angry!
Use your hand!
He tried to pull me out.
He got up and went to the place where I was.
He pulled my fist.
Wow!
He got on my back.
He was trying to pull me out.
He grabbed my neck and fell down.
He was so angry that he ran away.
He ran away.
Hey, you!
You're so mean!
I won't let you say that again.
Hey, you!
You're so mean!
He tried to run away.
He grabbed my neck and fell down.
Hey, you!
He opened his mouth.
He grabbed my knife and stabbed me.
He bit me.
It was so hard that I couldn't bite.
I didn't think he would bite me.
I let go of his hand.
He fell down and fell down.
It's my fault.
He wasn't nice.
I olmoresced him.
I made a good at the end.